CONTRIBUTING.rst, before:

Contributing to Planning Poker
==============================

First of all: thanks for your interest in this project and taking the time to contribute.

Reporting bugs
---------------

If you have found a bug, please check the project's `issue <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/issues>`_
page first and feel free to create a `new issue <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/issues/new>`_, if no
one else has reported it yet.

Making changes
--------------

Create a fork of this repository and follow the steps in the :ref:`readme:Quickstart` guide included in the readme file
in order to get a running system.

Coding style
^^^^^^^^^^^^

We have created an `EditorConfig <https://editorconfig.org/>`_ file for this project that should be usable for most
IDEs. Otherwise please make sure to adhere to the specifications from the config file.

Creating a pull request
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before creating a pull request make sure to check whether:

* existing docstrings have to be updated
* new code has valid docstrings
* existing `tests <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/tree/development/tests>`_ have to be fixed
* new tests have to be written first
* the documentation (in particular the
  `Sphinx documentation <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/tree/development/docs>`_) has to be modified

Commit message:

FIAE-175: Added a guide on how to create a development setup.

CONTRIBUTING.rst, after:

Contributing to Planning Poker
==============================

First of all: thanks for your interest in this project and taking the time to contribute.

Reporting bugs
---------------

If you have found a bug, please check the project's `issue <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/issues>`_
page first and feel free to create a `new issue <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/issues/new>`_, if no
one else has reported it yet.

Making changes
--------------

Create a fork of this repository and follow the steps in the :ref:`dev_docs/setup:Development Setup` guide included in
order to get a running system.

Coding style
^^^^^^^^^^^^

We have created an `EditorConfig <https://editorconfig.org/>`_ file for this project that should be usable for most
IDEs. Otherwise please make sure to adhere to the specifications from the config file.

Creating a pull request
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before creating a pull request make sure to check whether:

* existing docstrings have to be updated
* new code has valid docstrings
* existing `tests <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/tree/development/tests>`_ have to be fixed
* new tests have to be written first
* the documentation (in particular the
  `Sphinx documentation <https://github.com/rheinwerk-verlag/planning-poker/tree/development/docs>`_) has to be modified
