docs/dev-docs/consumers.rst, before:

Consumers
=========

Server-Side
-----------

.. autoclass:: planning_poker.consumers.PokerConsumer
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

    Use the provided ``send_event`` method to send events to the client-side consumers. ``Events`` are strings used to
    determine how the included data should be handled. Expand the ``self.commands`` dictionary to respond to custom
    events.

    .. attribute:: commands
       :type: Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]

       This dictionary maps the events to another dictionary which has exactly two keys.

       - ``'method'`` determines which method should be called to handle the data (e.g. ``self.reset_requested``). Its
         value can be any callable. Any data passed along with the event will be passed into the callable as keyword
         arguments.

       - ``'required_permission'`` restricts which users can respond to this event. Its value is either a Django
         permission string (e.g. ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``) which will be used to evaluate the user's permission via
         ``user.has_perm(required_permission)`` to see whether they are allowed to respond to the event or ``None`` if
         no permission is required.


Client-Side
-----------

.. js:autoclass:: BaseConsumer
   :members:

   The ``BaseConsumer`` and its subclasses on the client-side function similarly to the ``PokerConsumer`` on
   the server-side. The same things that were said about the server-side consumer also apply to the client-side
   consumers. Use ``sendEvent`` to send an event to the server and expand ``this.commands`` to respond to custom events.

   .. attribute:: commands
      :type: Object

      This Object has the event names as attributes and their corresponding value are the function which should be used
      to handle the data. The data object will be passed as an argument to the handler function.

.. js:autoclass:: PokerConsumer
   :members:

Commit message:

FIAE-175: Added docs for the `*_PERMISSION` constants.

docs/dev-docs/consumers.rst, after:

Consumers
=========

Server-Side
-----------

.. automodule:: planning_poker.consumers

.. autoclass:: planning_poker.consumers.PokerConsumer
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

    Use the provided ``send_event`` method to send events to the client-side consumers. ``Events`` are strings used to
    determine how the included data should be handled. Expand the ``self.commands`` dictionary to respond to custom
    events.

    .. attribute:: commands
       :type: Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]

       This dictionary maps the events to another dictionary which has exactly two keys.

       - ``'method'`` determines which method should be called to handle the data (e.g. ``self.reset_requested``). Its
         value can be any callable. Any data passed along with the event will be passed into the callable as keyword
         arguments.

       - ``'required_permission'`` restricts which users can respond to this event. Its value is either a Django
         permission string (e.g. ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``) which will be used to evaluate the user's permission via
         ``user.has_perm(required_permission)`` to see whether they are allowed to respond to the event or ``None`` if
         no permission is required.

The ``consumers.py`` module also provides two constants which you can use for the ``command``'s ``required_permission``
option to make sure that the user is either a voter or a moderator. See :ref:`user_docs/roles:Roles` for more
information. The constants are:

- ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``: Moderators will have this permission.

- ``VOTE_PERMISSION``: Voters will have this permission.

Client-Side
-----------

.. js:autoclass:: BaseConsumer
   :members:

   The ``BaseConsumer`` and its subclasses on the client-side function similarly to the ``PokerConsumer`` on
   the server-side. The same things that were said about the server-side consumer also apply to the client-side
   consumers. Use ``sendEvent`` to send an event to the server and expand ``this.commands`` to respond to custom events.

   .. attribute:: commands
      :type: Object

      This Object has the event names as attributes and their corresponding value are the function which should be used
      to handle the data. The data object will be passed as an argument to the handler function.

.. js:autoclass:: PokerConsumer
   :members:
