docs/user_docs/user_interface.rst, before:

User Interface
==============
The user interface consists of 5 interactive components which look the same but behave differently depending on the
roles of the user.

Current Story
-------------

.. figure:: /static/current_story.png
   :alt: The component showing the title and the description of the currently active story.

This is the main component of the poker session view. This component shows the title and the description of the
currently active story. The participants will use the information they see here as a baseline for their discussion and
estimation of the story's points.

.. note::
   The description supports HTML syntax so be aware when you are importing story descriptions from places where you have
   no control over which could potentially contain malicious input.

Stories Overview
----------------

.. figure:: /static/stories_overview.png
   :alt: A list of the stories which are a part of this poker session.

This is a list of all the stories in the poker session. Any stories which already have their points estimated are marked
as such and show their points next to the story title.

This list is split up into three parts:

#. **Previous Stories**: This shows all the previously pokered/skipped stories

#. **Active Story**: This is the currently active story. It is displayed in the `Current Story`_ component and is the
   story which should be discussed/estimated by the participants.

#. **Upcoming Stories**: This shows all the stories which are left in the poker session.

Both the Previous Stores and Upcoming Stories sublists can be expanded/collapsed to show/hide all of their stories
inside.

Voting Options
--------------

.. figure:: /static/voting_options.png
   :alt: The options a participant has to vote for the current story.

These are the options a participant has in order to vote/set the story points for the current story. Clicking on one of
them as a voter will send the vote to the server and from there to the other participants. These votes will then be
shown in the `Votes Overview`_ component. The moderator will not see the two buttons ``Too large`` and ``No idea`` since
they are not valid options for the final story points. Clicking on the cards as a moderator will set the story's points
to the selected value and set the next unpokered story from the Upcoming Stories list as the new currently active story
for all participants.

Votes Overview
--------------

.. figure:: /static/votes_overview.png
   :alt: Shows all the voters' votes.

This overview shows which voter voted for what option. These cards are either revealed or face down. A moderator's cards
are always face up, while a voter's cards are first revealed after they have voted. The options are sorted by the amount
of votes they have when they are face up. When the cards are face down, the different options are sorted in a random
order to prevent people from gaming the system.

A moderator can also click on these options in order to set the story points for the currently active story. This is
probably the most comfortable way for them to set the story points since most of the time the moderator is choosing the
option with the most votes anyways.

Participants List
-----------------

.. figure:: /static/participants_list.png
   :alt: When hovered over shows a list of all the participants in this poker session.

This small component always shows the amount of participants in the poker session. When moused over, you'll see a list
of all the participants and their roles.

Commit message:

FIAE-174: Explained the Voting Options component for participants who are voters and moderators at the same time.

docs/user_docs/user_interface.rst, after:

User Interface
==============
The user interface consists of 5 interactive components which look the same but behave differently depending on the
roles of the user.

Current Story
-------------

.. figure:: /static/current_story.png
   :alt: The component showing the title and the description of the currently active story.

This is the main component of the poker session view. This component shows the title and the description of the
currently active story. The participants will use the information they see here as a baseline for their discussion and
estimation of the story's points.

.. note::
   The description supports HTML syntax so be aware when you are importing story descriptions from places where you have
   no control over which could potentially contain malicious input.

Stories Overview
----------------

.. figure:: /static/stories_overview.png
   :alt: A list of the stories which are a part of this poker session.

This is a list of all the stories in the poker session. Any stories which already have their points estimated are marked
as such and show their points next to the story title.

This list is split up into three parts:

#. **Previous Stories**: This shows all the previously pokered/skipped stories

#. **Active Story**: This is the currently active story. It is displayed in the `Current Story`_ component and is the
   story which should be discussed/estimated by the participants.

#. **Upcoming Stories**: This shows all the stories which are left in the poker session.

Both the Previous Stores and Upcoming Stories sublists can be expanded/collapsed to show/hide all of their stories
inside.

Voting Options
--------------

.. figure:: /static/voting_options.png
   :alt: The options a participant has to vote for the current story.

These are the options a participant has in order to vote/set the story points for the current story. Clicking on one of
them as a voter will send the vote to the server and from there to the other participants. These votes will then be
shown in the `Votes Overview`_ component. The moderator will not see the two buttons ``Too large`` and ``No idea`` since
they are not valid options for the final story points, unless they are also a voter (see :ref:`Voter + Moderator`).
Clicking on the cards as a moderator will set the story's points to the selected value and set the next unpokered story
from the Upcoming Stories list as the new currently active story for all participants.
Being a voter and moderator at the same time means that this component serves two functionalities. The first time it
is clicked will count as a vote. The second time however will only show the numbered cards and a click sets the final
story points.

Any spectators do not see this component.

Votes Overview
--------------

.. figure:: /static/votes_overview.png
   :alt: Shows all the voters' votes.

This overview shows which voter voted for what option. These cards are either revealed or face down. A moderator's cards
are always face up, while a voter's cards are first revealed after they have voted. The options are sorted by the amount
of votes they have when they are face up. When the cards are face down, the different options are sorted in a random
order to prevent people from gaming the system.

A moderator can also click on these options in order to set the story points for the currently active story. This is
probably the most comfortable way for them to set the story points since most of the time the moderator is choosing the
option with the most votes anyways.

Participants List
-----------------

.. figure:: /static/participants_list.png
   :alt: When hovered over shows a list of all the participants in this poker session.

This small component always shows the amount of participants in the poker session. When moused over, you'll see a list
of all the participants and their roles.
