docs/dev_docs/consumers.rst, before:

Consumers
=========

Server-Side
-----------

.. automodule:: planning_poker.consumers

.. autoclass:: planning_poker.consumers.PokerConsumer
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

    Use the provided ``send_event`` method to send events to the client-side consumers. ``Events`` are strings used to
    determine how the included data should be handled. Expand the ``self.commands`` dictionary to respond to custom
    events.

    .. attribute:: commands
       :type: Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]

       This dictionary maps the events to another dictionary which has exactly two keys.

       - ``'method'`` determines which method should be called to handle the data (e.g. ``self.reset_requested``). Its
         value can be any callable. Any data passed along with the event will be passed into the callable as keyword
         arguments.

       - ``'required_permission'`` restricts which users can respond to this event. Its value is either a Django
         permission string (e.g. ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``) which will be used to evaluate the user's permission via
         ``user.has_perm(required_permission)`` to see whether they are allowed to respond to the event or ``None`` if
         no permission is required.

Constants
^^^^^^^^^

The ``consumers.py`` module also provides two constants which you can use for the ``command``'s ``required_permission``
option to make sure that the user is either a :ref:`user_docs/roles:Voter` or a :ref:`user_docs/roles:Moderator`. The
constants are:

- ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``: Moderators will have this permission.

- ``VOTE_PERMISSION``: Voters will have this permission.

Client-Side
-----------

.. js:autoclass:: BaseConsumer
   :members:

   The ``BaseConsumer`` and its subclasses on the client-side function similarly to the ``PokerConsumer`` on
   the server-side. The same things that were said about the server-side consumer also apply to the client-side
   consumers. Use ``sendEvent`` to send an event to the server and expand ``this.commands`` to respond to custom events.

   .. attribute:: commands
      :type: Object

      This Object has the event names as attributes and their corresponding value are the function which should be used
      to handle the data. The data object will be passed as an argument to the handler function.

.. js:autoclass:: PokerConsumer
   :members:

Commit message:

FIAE-175: Added an explanation for the communication between the server and the client.

docs/dev_docs/consumers.rst, after:

Consumers
=========

Communication between the consumers
-----------------------------------

There are two consumers for each participant in a poker session in order to communicate between the server and the
client. They talk to each other using messages in JSON format, which always contain the name of the event they want
to trigger at the recipient(s) and any additional data they want to send alongside with the message. The consumers on
both sides provide a method you can use to send an event.

Both consumers contain an attribute, defining which events will be handled, which can be expanded to suit your needs for
any custom events. See the :ref:`dev_docs/consumers:Server-Side` or :ref:`dev_docs/consumers:Client-Side` consumers for
more information on how these attributes are defined.

.. note::

   Consumers in the frontend can only talk to their corresponding consumer on the backend. Whereas the consumer on the
   backend can either message all the front end consumers or only send messages to their counterpart.


Server-Side
-----------

.. automodule:: planning_poker.consumers

.. autoclass:: planning_poker.consumers.PokerConsumer
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

    Use the provided ``send_event`` method to send events to the client-side consumers. ``Events`` are strings used to
    determine how the included data should be handled. Expand the ``self.commands`` dictionary to respond to custom
    events.

    .. attribute:: commands
       :type: Dict[str, Dict[str, Any]]

       This dictionary maps the events to another dictionary which has exactly two keys.

       - ``'method'`` determines which method should be called to handle the data (e.g. ``self.reset_requested``). Its
         value can be any callable. Any data passed along with the event will be passed into the callable as keyword
         arguments.

       - ``'required_permission'`` restricts which users can respond to this event. Its value is either a Django
         permission string (e.g. ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``) which will be used to evaluate the user's permission via
         ``user.has_perm(required_permission)`` to see whether they are allowed to respond to the event or ``None`` if
         no permission is required.

Constants
^^^^^^^^^

The ``consumers.py`` module also provides two constants which you can use for the ``command``'s ``required_permission``
option to make sure that the user is either a :ref:`user_docs/roles:Voter` or a :ref:`user_docs/roles:Moderator`. The
constants are:

- ``MODERATE_PERMISSION``: Moderators will have this permission.

- ``VOTE_PERMISSION``: Voters will have this permission.

Client-Side
-----------

.. js:autoclass:: BaseConsumer
   :members:

   The ``BaseConsumer`` and its subclasses on the client-side function similarly to the ``PokerConsumer`` on
   the server-side. The same things that were said about the server-side consumer also apply to the client-side
   consumers. Use ``sendEvent`` to send an event to the server and expand ``this.commands`` to respond to custom events.

   .. attribute:: commands
      :type: Object

      This Object contains the event names as attributes and their corresponding values are the function which should be
      used to handle the data. The data object will be passed as an argument to the handler function.

.. js:autoclass:: PokerConsumer
   :members:
